README.md, before:

# {{appName}}
This web application is partially generated by [apibaker](http://apibaker.com) 

### edit the application with [apibaker](http://apibaker.com)
http://apibaker.com/#/{{gitUser}}/{{repoName}}

### [Deploy to Azure](https://azuredeploy.net/)
[![Deploy to Azure](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://azuredeploy.net/)

### [Deploy to AWS](https://azuredeploy.net/)
[![Deploy to AWS](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png)](https://aws.amazon.com/)


### [Deploy to Heroku](https://heroku.com/deploy)
[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

### [Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=YOUR_GIT_URL_HERE)
[![Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy/button.png)](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=YOUR_GIT_URL_HERE)

### [Deploy to Docker](https://cloud.docker.com/stack/deploy/)
[![Deploy to Docker Cloud](https://files.cloud.docker.com/images/deploy-to-dockercloud.svg)](https://cloud.docker.com/stack/deploy/)

### Deploy Manually

##### 1. Clone the repository
```shell
git clone git@github.com:apibaker/simple_app_1.git
```

##### 2. npm install
```shell
cd simple_app_1
npm install
```

##### 3. edit database.js
```javascript
module.exports = 
{
    connectionString : process.env.DBURI || '<INPUT DATABASE URL HERE>'
}
```
The database URL may look like as: 'postgresql://postgres:@localhost/{{appName}}'.
Or the database URL can be specified in envrionment configuartion file.

##### 4. setup database schema
```shell
npm run setup
```

##### 5. start web server
```shell
npm run start
```

### Run test
```shell
npm run test
```

Commit message:

by apibaker.com at Tue Mar 20 2018 00:30:00 GMT+0800 (CST)

README.md, after:


# simple_app
This web application is partially generated by [apibaker](http://apibaker.com) 

### edit the application with [apibaker](http://apibaker.com)
http://apibaker.com/#/undefined/undefined

### [Deploy to Azure](https://azuredeploy.net/)
[![Deploy to Azure](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://azuredeploy.net/)

### [Deploy to AWS](https://azuredeploy.net/)
[![Deploy to AWS](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png)](https://aws.amazon.com/)


### [Deploy to Heroku](https://heroku.com/deploy)
[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

### [Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=YOUR_GIT_URL_HERE)
[![Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy/button.png)](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=YOUR_GIT_URL_HERE)

### [Deploy to Docker](https://cloud.docker.com/stack/deploy/)
[![Deploy to Docker Cloud](https://files.cloud.docker.com/images/deploy-to-dockercloud.svg)](https://cloud.docker.com/stack/deploy/)

### Deploy Manually

##### 1. Clone the repository
```shell
git clone https://github.com/simple_app_1/undefined.git
```

##### 2. npm install
```shell
cd undefined
npm install
```

##### 3. edit database.js
```javascript
module.exports = 
{
    connectionString : process.env.DBURI || '<INPUT DATABASE URL HERE>'
}
```
The database URL may look like as: mysql://root:root@localhost/simple_app.
Or the database URL can be specified in environment configuration file.

##### 4. setup database schema
```shell
npm run setup
```

##### 5. start web server
```shell
npm run start
```

### Run test
```shell
npm run test
```
